c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/30/13/translation.txt

// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (Koikatsu Party) by KKP_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「デート……デートですね……わ、わかりました」=“Date... a date, right?... G-Got it.”
「そ、そんなに肩肘張らなくても……」=“Y-You don't have to stiffen up so much, we're not going to war.”

> 「それも、そうですね。私たち恋人同士ですもんね。し、深呼吸しながら、楽しみにしてます♡」=“You do have a point. We're a couple afterall. I'll count seconds till our date, while taking deep breaths and relaxing... ♡”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「それも、そうですね。私たち恋人同士ですもんね。し、深呼吸しながら、楽しみにしてます♡」=“You do have a point. We're a couple after all. I'll count seconds till our date, while taking deep breaths and relaxing... ♡”
```
